Now, who's the star of today? It's
Prophet Eunus.
Prophet Eunus was someone with goodl,
good character, mashallah. He had a high
sense of integrity. He was someone who
was very respectful and someone who's
humble and very caring and loving to the
people. And I want you to remember this.
Every prophet Allah has sent was
well-mannered. This is very important.
Why? Because it's not just about speech.
It's not just about knowledge. It's
about character. No prophet ever had a
dark history and then he was very evil
and he lied to people and then he became
a prophet. It wouldn't even make much
sense because people would say your
record is miserable. How can we elect
you? How can we respect you and so on?
May Allah forgive us for our bad
history. Say and may Allah make what's
coming next next better and better. So
we move forward and then now we want to
talk about where he lived. Now what
country is this?
May Allah bless our brothers and sisters
in.
So here he used to live in the city of
Na
till this day it exists and we know
based on authentic hadith of the prophet
Sam
and the major city in the district of Na
is what? Al- Musul. Al Musul is the
second largest city in Iraq. So now we
know about Eunus. We know where he
lived. Let's talk about his people. Who
are his people? his people is a number
that is pretty large.
There were over 100,000 people in the
city. How many believed in Allah? What
do you guys take? Guess how many?
Absolutely zero. Zero. No one believed
inahill pretty much based on what we
know. And in addition, they were idol
worshippers. But you was special. He
worshiped Allah subhanahu wa ta'ala. May
Allah make your wordsahillahill
the day you meet Allah subhana wa ta'ala
as you return back to him
eventually he becomes what
go ahead
eventually becomes a prophet so Allah
subhanahu wa ta'ala he chooses where
does this go
Allah eventually chooses and Allah says
Allah has chosen Inam you have been
hired. Hired by who? By Allah. To do
what? To carry on the mission to call
people to the truth to explain the
reality of life. This life was what?
Temporary. And we are here to worship
Allah subhana wa ta'ala. This life is a
test. This life was not meant to be
comfortable. And he also taught them
what that is. Is it temporary or
infinite? It's infinite. And the is it a
test? Is there salah in Jenna? Is there
any program? Is there in Jenna? No, in a
it's all nothing but reward. May Allah
make you all people of Jenna. So he went
ahead and he told the people, let me ask
you a question. If you have someone that
walks to you, I'm saying in general,
does not know anything about Islam,
zero, and you have five minutes to speak
to them about something in Islam,
what would you speak about?
So the brother said hellfire.
Okay.
All right. Never give him a daba booth
in your life. Right?
It might be depending on the brother.
Actually, some people actually depending
on the person, he might actually go this
way. Right? But someone doesn't know
anything. Huh? What will he talk about?
Go ahead.
What is it? Raise your voice. The
brother with
worship none but Allah and the sister
who answered before the mercy of Allahh.
Last one.
Try. Try.
What would you tell
the brother said? Now what all the
prophets pretty much did is that they
called the people and they told them
about Allah subhanahu wa ta'ala and to
worship Allah alone. That's number
oneahill.
Anytime you speak about Islam, you need
to make sure that that person is
accepting or is willing to go past by
believing in it. So for example, one
time there was a dawa booth happening
and a person comes and what's in their
head is how is it obligatory on women to
wear hijab? Why women wear hijab? So the
man is not a Muslim. So we can answer
that question inshallah. But that person
if you have a few minutes can we just
start by saying Allah who is he? What
has he done? Who has he sent? What's the
point of life? Can we go with that? If
he says yes then I very much want to
start with that because if we establish
that we can easily cover hijab agreed
easily not even hard it's easy as long
as you establish that Allah will never
tell us to do something except that it
is what good for you and Allah will
never tell you to stay away from
something except that it is
bad for you excellent so he says
worship Allah subhanahu wa ta'ala
worship Allah nothing did Allah tell you
to do except is good for you.
No one is worthy for this forehead to be
on the floor for except Allah. No one is
worthy to give up your life for other
than Allah.
I'm so distressed that you guys may face
the punishment if you don't believe. So
here's what you mentioned about the
punishment. It came hellfire has to be
brought up sometimes. Allah's mercy has
to be brought up sometimes. But make
sure you lay what? What's the word? I'm
looking for you lay what the foundation
right so when they said that or when he
when they heard that what was the
response
like right now as I'm speaking
some may be looking at their watch okay
7:33 so when is the next break inshallah
is there pizza today right it's like
but if I was amazing sometimes even more
and more and more and more amazing you
will pay more and more and more
attention now no one spoke spoke better
than prophets. No one had examples
better than prophets. Agreed? In
addition to that, they knew exactly the
language of the people. Allah doesn't
usually send a prophet from a different
different country to another country to
preach. That's not common. Usually
from their people. So why am I saying
that? As eloquent as he was, how many
believed in him now? The number was
zero. Now it's what?
How many? Another zero. No one. It was
very very difficult. People rejected
him. People made fun of him. Never. And
I want all those who want the best for
others. You guys want the best for
others?
Clearly. So, oh you who wants the best
for others, you have to know that
throughout the process, you'll be
criticized and you may be mocked and you
may be back bitten throughout the
process. Allah says in the Quran,
Never did a prophet come. Never the pro
Allah says never did the prophet come
except people said what
he's possessed
right something wrong with him or he's
just insane he doesn't know what he's
talking about this guy's old school
we're in 2022 stop referencing the Quran
and is gone whatever the case is may
Allah protect us does he stop he
continues
then
persisted and they were shocked by that
and he continued to reject and it went
on and on and on for how long roughly
about roughly nine years roughly
according to some narrations not
authentic but nine years nine years I
did an event for two weeks no one showed
up I said I'm never joining the MSA
again
I one time give a Friday people
criticized I said I quit this I said an
ayah someone fixed me I said I'm not
leading salah in my life again nine
years no way impossible my did the two
three things I disowned him. May Allah
protect us. Don't do that. Right? So the
point being is but nine years of calling
people to Allah subhana wa ta not he's
not giving up at all everything he spoke
to the rich he spoke to the poor he
spoke to the old he spoke to the young
he spoke to the man he spoke to the
woman no one is listening but then what
happens Allah subhanahu wa ta'ala sends
what? A warning. Final warning. What is
that? I have to explain something. You
guys ready? Inshallah.
[Music]
I love you. Okay. Okay. I have to now
watch uh my questions. Okay. So, the
final warning Allah revealed to you
that you pretty much have done the
mission. There's still a little bit
more. I'm going to give them three days.
If they do not believe in the next three
days, how many hours?
72 72 hours they will all be destroyed
and doomed. So now day one he goes talk
to his people all hands on deck
my people this is it three days that's
all what you have please listen please
whatever we're not listening why wait
three days why not now there's three
days now there's and there's punishment
show us now he's they're hasty to see
the punishment day two comes and he's
trying his best ya Allah help me ya
Allah and he's calling them to Allah
subhana wa tala do you think they listen
day
No,
no, they don't. Day three comes.
One day to go.
The clouds started to change.
Not the normal scene. It's like the
event, the punishment is about to
happen.
Ununice tries his best. Tries his best.
Please listen. Look at this. No one is
listening.
And right before the 72 hours end, but
right before the third day ended, what
happened?
[Music]
Allah said prophet Yunisam stormed off
from his city. He was so angry, so
frustrated. He's angry for what? Angry
because of what? He's disappointed.
Like, how did you guys not believe? How
can he treat Allah subhana wa tala? He's
angry. He's furious. How dare you? I
spoke to you quietly. I spoke to you
fast. I spoke to you with examples. I
spoke to you through stories. I told
you, do you know? Do you know? Do you
know? Do you not remember? Have you not
heard your parents tell you nothing with
you? So, he's so upset and angry and he
just walks away and he's so upset.
When he's walking away, you know what
Allah says?
am thought that he will not be held
accountable for what he did. It's just a
few minutes
just a few seconds that I left before
the due date. You may say to okay
brother one second sorry I I cuz I don't
I'm not sure if you mentioned it brother
but it's only common sense that he has
to walk away because if he stayed what
happens he'll probably die. Good
reflection but that's not the case with
prophets. They're not allowed to leave
until there's a clear command. Now it's
time for you to leave. Did you see that?
So they're not allowed to leave the
assignment. No matter like, oh, I about
to get punched. Should I leave? Until
Allah tells you until Allah, okay, now
go. And Allah never missed. So for
example, tell me someone that you know
that had to wait for that command for
something to take place. Take a shot at
it.
am. What was the sign?
Now it's time to go. What was the sign?
Huh?
Water. Water coming out of the oven.
Go right away. You and the believers go
to the ark. You see that? Don't go now
until the water comes. What else?
You know how bad it was for Loot? They
tried to break into his house because he
had some guests, good-looking men. It's
authentic from the Quran. They tried to
break in. So then the angels that were
in the house, they were in the shape of
men. They threw sand at those corrupted
people, immoral. So they became blind.
So that's how bad it was. New L's life
was on the line. But the angel told
Loot, "Wait until night.
Then in the morning, so in the night you
go. In the morning we punish them.
Is in the morning very close." So in
this story, what happened? Allah did not
tell unus to go. But brother, just a few
minutes. The rules are the rules. May
Allah grant us all the highest level in
Jenna and allow us to say in it. When he
left, where did he go?
So he left. He's inul
today, right? Where did he go?
Where he's going to move?
He's just walking and walking and
walking. He wants to leave the entire
area because the punishment is coming.
So when the is coming, I want to go as
far as I can. So he's literally trying
to go what? Over overseas. So he goes
and now he sees a boat. Allah says
he left and he was angry and he turned
his back.
He went to the ship. But what does mean?
What is it?
Full. Excellent. You know, and you
charge your phone, right? So it was
filled with cargo, filled with
containers and filled with people. So
that was a massive massive perhaps boat
with a lot of people. It can be a small
boat with a lot of people. So when this
was happening and he went into that boat
and obviously maybe thinking of what's
happening to them like man they're
probably destroyed by now, right? But
man was just like a couple hours away.
They must be like in torture right now.
Probably all dead now. So while the
clouds
are very rough apparently on his people
similar clouds or maybe same ones they
come towards the ship. Huh? What? What?
What do you mean? So the severe winds,
severe weather starts to come towards
the ship. Waves are getting stronger.
Whoa. Whoa. You know when they go to the
wave and the thing about to fall. Oh my
goodness. Very windy. People are
yelling. Kids are crying. What's going
on? Youam is in panic mode. Subhan
Allah. What's happening? Then they start
to throw the cargo away. Any luggage?
Just throw it. Throw it. Just throw it.
Because it was so heavy. The ship was so
heavy. And if water comes in, what
happens to the boat? It sinks. They
tried to empty as many luggages as they
can, cargo, whatever, food as us now.
And still it's not working. Still not
working. So he said, "Guys, for us to
survive, we have to forsake some people.
We have to let go of some human beings
and throw them into the water." So what
happened?
What does the mean? They drew lots. They
got each one's name through an arrow. So
there's an arrow
or someone knows that arrow belongs to
who. And of the arrows that was there,
all people including who?
So they would draw a lot to see. Let's
see. Let's see. Oh, and whose name
comes?
What are the chances? What's the
probability?
What's the probability this happened?
It's almost zero. But his name came.
Okay, one more time. We'll do it three
times. Three times. We don't have time
for this. One more time. One more time.
One more time. Okay. Who is it?
What are the What's the probability?
Okay. Last one. Last one. Last one. Oh,
so he he took off his upper garment
because with clothing becomes very heavy
and he stands on the verge of that ship
and eventually
jumps right into the ocean in that dark
night. As he was jumping in,
the largest animal that ever existed on
earth till this day, by the way, the
largest animal that ever existed on
earth is in our time as well, which is
what the whale came and it came and
opened its mouth.
This whale was trained by Allah. When my
prophet jumps into that water, I want
you to come and swallow him. What's the
chances of that happening?
You see the chances, okay, the chances
of the weather being severe. The chances
of his name coming up how many times?
Three times. The chances that he jumps
off and it happens to have a blue whale
that jumps and opens its mouth like
swish. Like what is this? Unbelievable.
What's the chances? So the whale
swallows
and Allah says, "I'm not oppressing him.
He's blamew worthy for what he did." And
you may say like he went through all of
this
because he left a few minutes early.
Nine years
all the entire time just before the
punishment he just left. And now
probably Allah knows what happened to
his people. But there's zero chances it
ever changed. And he still needs to
blame worthy. Yes. Because if Allah
tells you to do something, you have to
do your absolute best. His absolute best
was to wait till the time comes for you
to go. Subhan Allah. You see that? May
Allah help us and make us patient. And
you know
the
so there's a lesson that we learn here
that the rebuking or the not say
punishment but the rebuking and the
anger towards a person sometimes is
equivalent to the status of the person.
You agree or is that not fair?
Yes, this man is my superstar.
So, if there's a kid that brings pizza
to the venue, are they treated like the
adult who brings pizza to the venue? Who
deserves more anger towards
the kid? Mashallah. It's actually the
the father, right? It's the adult. But
may Allah bless him. The kid thinks it's
me, right? May Allah grant you Jenna.
Say it's different. You're like, bro,
come on. He clearly have all the signs
and stuff right even
he says may Allah protect us adults
catch it's very important he says
the old old old man that goes into a
haram relationship
and commits the haram has severe
punishment more than when a young man
does it. You see that
Allah shows them no mercy. adults very
old who eventually gets into haram
relationship. May Allah protect us. So
here better example
Allah is doing all this like why he's of
a great he's loved I don't know what
kind of love is that yes yes
will end with this he says and then one
more point actually
the prophet sallallahu alaihi wasallam
says if you want to learn the Quran
these there are four names they are the
superstars of Quran and when
gives you that reference letter what
does it mean you're unbelievable
Right. Four people. How many sahaba were
there at one point? How many sahabah
number that you've heard? Sahabah is
someone who met the prophet and was a
Muslim
in the fairwell hajj. There was over
100,000.
Out of the 100,000 the prophet says
four. You want to learn Quran from top
four. Who's one of them?
So that means he's special. He's so
educated. He's so learned
an authentic
the Sahabah said used to pray behind the
prophet sallallahu alaihi wasallam can
when he's done his salah he goes to his
community
then so then he becomes the im for his
community. So apparently the let's say
at the prophet was 7 p.m. Their was like
say 7:30. You see what I'm saying as an
example. So he prays behind the prophet
then he goes rushes to his masid and he
leads as an immed.
So one time he prayed Allahbar while he
was praying finished he went to which
surah next
what's the longest surah
in the congregation there's a man who is
tired
he's like man he kept going
he kept reading bakar reading reading
it's the longest surah about 50 pages
So the man the man in in the behind is
like man I can't do this. No, no. He's
like waiting. Should I Should I quit?
Should I stop? I'm done. And he actually
leaves. And he leaves on the side.
But he finishes salah quickly. All
right.
And he left. And is what
going on, right? So eventually when he
left, everything's okay so far. people
went to the the scholar the im his there
was a person
prayed behind us and he was exhausted so
he left the salah prayed by himself then
walked away what did Mu say about that
man who was lazy apparently what did Mu
say
he's a hypocrite
said that yes there's an ay in the Quran
that Allah says
You guys got many of you know the ayah
Allah says there are people when they go
to the salah they hate it they don't
want to go to it they just do it for the
people they're so lazy towards it means
nothing to them
they show off has zero zero intention in
their heart so according to this ayah
since he's lazy just walked away
whatever
when the guy who left heard this he
became what angry and who did he go to
the prophet sallallahu alaihi wasall
didn't go to he went to the prophet said
we are people that work hard with our
hands we have animals we we dig in the
ground we have plants that we do all
that stuff comes prays behind you then
he comes to my masid and he's like Allah
he read
so I could not handle it I couldn't I
have to I have to go to sleep so I left
the salah I prayed by myself and I
walked away guess
Muad heard about me then he said he's a
what did the prophet sallallahu alaihi
wasallam do bring me mu
bring me muad now he didn't tell the guy
you're lucky I im you know how many
communities in the world he could have
went to Dallas I'm just kidding right
but he's still here so stayed in subhan
Allah he didn't say that he said where's
muad so comes then what does the prophet
You're trying to cause problems in the
community. Second time,
you're causing issues with the with the
with your people.
[Music]
You're causing issues. What's the matter
with you? Three times he says, next time
and any im leads the people in salah
reads suras such as
He says when you lead the people read
half page half page that's what you read
then he says
he says behind the imams there are
people are old have problems they cannot
sit for too long they cannot stand for
too long behind you are travelers they
have things to do and behind you maybe
are people who are sick and tired please
be conscious of the people around you
very firm huh we know the prophet to be
gentle but muad is at a different level.
The prophet did that because he loves
Muad. He one time grabbed Muad's hand.
He says two two times to him two times,
I love you.
I love you. Said, I'll take a bullet for
you.
I'll give up the world for you. Then he
says, I want to give you advice to say
at the end of every salah,
Oh Allah, help me remember you
and help me be grateful to you
and to help me worship you correctly.
This is an example of the prophet
sallallahu alaihi wasallam. The prophet
said, "Don't you ever say don't you ever
say I am better than you." What happened
to Ununice in the whale? How long did he
stay? When he was there, Allah subhanahu
wa ta'ala says the word, pay attention,
he was in so much distress. Some
narrations say he thought he died. So he
start moving his legs, start moving his
hands, and he's still alive in the
stomach of the whale. Just an FYI, the
heart of a blue whale is approximately
the size of a human being. the heart of
the blue whale. If you get the whale
which is about can reach up to 30 mters,
it can cover an entire entire official
basketball court. The entire court is
covered with that whale. Allah commanded
the whale, do not crush his bones. Do
not do in a way where you digest him. Do
not do any of that. Just protect him in
your mouth. So you was so stressed out
especially that it's what? What was it
like inside? Do you think he can see his
hand?
No, it's so scary when it's dark.
Sometimes you're better off having light
just to know exactly what's happening.
So there's more and more fear sometimes
when the darkness. So Allah says
in the darkness of what? The darkness of
the night. The darkness of what? The
stomach of the whale. And there's a
third darkness. What is it?
The ocean. So he was there and he was
nervous. There's a lot that can be said.
What did you say? The very very famous
dua. He says,
He called in the darkness.
There's no deity worthy of worship but
Allah subhanana you're free from any
mistakes. You're perfect. You are
perfect. And obviously everything is
yelling out that Allah is perfect.
You're perfect how my name came up. You
are perfect how a whale came and
swallowed me. You're perfect how I'm
still alive. You're just perfect.
Subhan. And I am not perfect.
this dua, this dua
said the he said, "Do you want me to
tell you a dua? If you ever say it or
remember the beginning of the session
and for those who were at the beginning,
we we shared with you four emotions.
What was the first one of the past?"
Excellent. What was the future?
We covered those in the first dua. Now
or in one hadith the prophet said the
word extreme distress live happening now
as we speak or you have another issue
happening live as we speak then this is
your dua he says never do you say this
dua except that Allah will save you
well I said it before Allah has helped
you in ways you've never imagined it
could have been worse it could have been
directed to a different situation it
could have this it could have that but
believe
If you do not mind, I'm going to do
something a little bit different. I want
to dissect this dua and go part by part.
Can we do that inshallah? Makes sense,
right? It's it's such an important dua.
Even
this is authentic.
One time he was sitting in the masid
and who walks in front of him
walking. So they have eye contact. So
looking at
he says
what is saying nothing wow
nothingamlaykum
and the one who married the prophet
sallallahu alaihi wasallam daughter who
was promised Jenna he's not responding
so was like what is that and he sees him
like you're looking right at him so he
goes to who he goes to he Khalifa at
that time he sayslam
like a new or something is there
something in Islam that changed that I
don't know about and this is a grand
so says no what what are you talking
about he says I walked in front of I
looked him in the eye
he did not even reply did not even move
his lips so what happened the sahaba
address things on the spot in a way they
resolve matter Keep it in the heart.
It's a whole other topic. I don't want
to go into tangent. So he said bringman
came. Yes. Oh leader of the believers.
Is it true that came said to you and you
didn't reply back? He's like no.
Sad is like come on man. Like you didn't
say salam and now you're lying. So says
wall I didn't see sad.
But this authentic authentic. So says,
"Wallah, I saw him and he looked me
right in the eye." So man said, "No."
Then was like, "Oh my god." Yes, yes,
yes, yes. I'm so sorry. What do you
mean? What were you? He's like, "Okay,
okay, let me explain, guys." Yes. Yes.
Now, now I'm recalling. He did actually
walk in front of me. What's going on? He
said, "I was sitting and there's a dua.
anytime I try to remember it and
appreciate it and say it I'm so into it
that I don't see anything in front of me
says I know which one you're talking
about I know which dua is that then says
it's one of the first duas ever made
that was so powerful that changed things
said I know the dua is the following we
were with the prophet sallallahu alaihi
wasallam the prophet was going to tell
us a dua while he was about to tell us
Someone came interrupted the the
lecture. The prophet did not tell us.
Perhaps he forgot. As the prophet was
walking away said, I remember I want to
know what's a dua. So he's not making
noise.
So the prophet looks back it's like you
right. Yes. Yes. Allah remember you told
us he will tell us a dua. He's like yes
the dua the powerful dua is.
So let's give it some moments. Three
parts.
This is the best statement of all time.
And this is not my words. It's the words
of the prophet sallall.aii wasallam. He
saysd the best thing that can ever come
from this mouth isahill.
It's so powerful. So powerful. If you
say it before you die, you're guaranteed
Jenna. There's something so interesting
about saying it. Just try to say it now.
Do you guys notice anything? What do you
guys notice? You don't you don't you
don't use your lips. It's so easy. You
can even say when you're like you don't
even have to move lips. You don't it's
not difficult. It's so easy. But may
Allah make it easy for us to say it
before we meet him.
Nothing can match it. One time the
prophet sallallah.ai
am he says
on the day of judgment a man comes and
that man and every man and woman they
come they have books of deeds right
records so this angel here what's his
name what's the angel's name here the
one that writes the good stuff huh
and this angel here that writes the bad
stuff he's a good guy by the way okay
but he just happens to write the bad
stuff all right
so whatever you so inshallah as you're
sitting is busy writing right keep
writing keep wring
Subhan Allah. Alhamdulillah.
All right. Give me a chance. All right.
Don't go act crazy like that. I'm just
an example. Anyhow, so then writing this
guy comes. Now the books are presented.
The books are presented. You know how
many books he has of evil? The prophet
sallallah.aii wasallam says
99 books. I really hope it's a five-page
book. No.
Every book is as far as the eye can see.
I'm not going to go that far. Just an
example. Imagine there's a book between
me and this wall. Just one book. 99 of
those. What kind of life did this what
did this guy do in his life? How many
times did he backbite? How many times
did he curse? How many alcoholic drinks
he drank? And what has he done to his
parents? And how many times did he cheat
at work? And how many times did he
plagiarize his projects? And how how
many times? 99. So Allah says,
Allah says, "Do you have anything on the
good deeds that can make up for this? Do
you have any excuse for what's this?"
Did the angels make up stuff? So the man
looks, he's like,
"It's true. I did that when I was in
high school. I I did." So the Allah
says, "You have any good deeds?" There's
not a single book. The guy doesn't have
a book.
So he says Allah, I have nothing. So if
there's a scale so there bad deeds are
here what's going to be put here the
imag don't have anything like not even a
book so Allah says you do have not a
book what do you have
a card like imagine like a sheet of
paper not even not even a book just a
sheet of paper half a page so the man
says ya Allah what will the half page do
to 99 books as far as I can see he says
no one is oppressed today in my presence
whatever good that you Do you see the
effects? Whatever bad that you do, you
see the effects and the card comes. What
was the deed in that card?
One time this man said with his full
heart from the bottom of his
heartahillahill.
[Music]
And then they put the 99 documentations
of messed up records bam to that scale
heavy and they got the card
placed on the other hand of the scale.
It did not outweigh
when they put the card bam every 99
document ran away. As shocked as you
were with my sound, it'll be even more
shocking that day. What? All 99 flew
off. That's how heavy.
Nothing is as heavy as may Allah fill
our hearts with it. May Allah fill our
hearts with itahillahillah. So you see
how powerful what elseahillah
knows I'm in the darkness of all of
this. I am in distress. No one can help
me except Allah. So I'm going to
sayahillahillah.
Then he says subhan. What does subhan
means? very important. What does sebah
mean? Swim, right? You're not diving,
you're swimming. When you're swimming,
you're above the water. You're above
everything that is under. So, you're
above. So, sub meaning Allah, you're
above anything in terms of negative
attributes. You're free. You're away
from everything negative. That's why in
the Quran, pay attention. Allah says
subh when people say bad things about
him or when they say good things.
In the Quran, when Allah says the word
subhan, is it connected to something
that is negative said about Allah or
something positive said about Allah?
Negative. Negative.
And they said Allah has a son. Allah
says what after that? Subhan no I'm free
from that. So then Yun says subhan
you're free from my any mistakes. The
people should blame me, not blame you.
You're free. You're perfect. Then the
last part,
ya Allah, I wronged myself. Ya Allah,
I'm the one who did a mistake. And he
apologizes to Allah. Does that dua stop
here or there's more? Stops here. He did
not say, "Ya Allah, I'm sorry, but you
know, I worked really hard." Right? I'm
just saying. I'm just saying. I'm sorry,
but I worked really hard. No, there's no
need for that. Because the moment you
start giving excuses, the moment your
apology gets weaker. You see that? Yeah,
I know I messed up with this, but you
know what I did yesterday? Say I'm
sorry. Just mean what you say it?
I was wrong. Ya Allah, I was wrong. And
no one loves apology. The prophet
sallallahu alaihi wasallam says,
no one loves I'm sorry. Forgive me more
than Allah. Allah loves it. Yeah.
Really? Allah loves it. So what does it
mean? Never give up and stop. Never stop
asking Allah to forgive you. It's just
so scary if you postpone and you
postpone and you postpone and then you
may never be able to say I'm sorry.
Correct. Isn't that right? How many
times people pass away and like I wish I
spoke to them. I wish I can tell them
I'm sorry. It's too late. So right now
I'm wrong ya Allah. I'm wrong ya Allah.
I'm wrong ya Allah. Unfortunately let me
be very honest with you. Many of the
songs today, media today tries to take
off that regret aspect in us. Agreed? So
some regret, you should not have regrets
over things that you've done. True. But
there's some things you have to regret.
And regret is the main pillar of
repentance. You want Allah to accept
your apology, you got to regret. So then
you have even you have songs that says,
you know, no regrets, never look back,
whatever the case may be. And they're
top hits. Subhan Allah. But in Islam,
it's all about regrets. So you have to
be careful about the whole regret
situation. May Allah forgive us. And
subhan Allah when I was in high school.
That was many many many years ago. There
was a story of a brother and
unfortunately
and fortunately he was a Muslim. So this
brother comes from a very good family.
Forget the detail just think of it as in
a general story. So this man his parents
very well behaved well known in the
community and overall the brother was
good but when his parents traveled
he was influenced by a couple of guys so
he said let's come and go outside the
city we gather and honestly there'll be
some girls there too we're going to
party going to do some have fun and
everything you'll always be in this
house all religious and stuff like that
just come along so this man subhan allah
he goes and then he gets his car he was
one of the younger ones They had his own
keys. And when he went there, one of the
brothers or one of the guys, I'm not
sure all of them were Muslim, but
anyhow, he said, "Oh my god, I forgot to
get the the beer, the alcohol." Subhan
Allah. Anyhow, I forgot. So the brother,
Subhan Allah, he had the car. So he
said, "No, I got I'll go get it." Yeah,
Allah, why? Why? You're a volunteer now.
So he goes, gets his car and goes to the
nearest beer store. And they know in
that area how far is the store. So this
man took way too long to come back. Way
too long. So they start getting worried
like where did this guy go? Where did
this guy go? Eventually one of them also
had a car. He said let's go. What's
where does this guy got lost? Did he
stop? They got into the car and they
start driving towards the closest beer
store to see more concern about the guy.
And when they arrived, they saw he got
in a car accident and fire was coming
out of the car and they came and it was
right when the accident happened and he
was still there. What's going on? So
then apparently he was lost finding the
store, Allah, but he was right next to
it. And when they saw him and he was
dying right in front of their eyes,
dying right in front of their eyes, he
was saying something like, "I can't see
him. I can't see him. I can't meet him.
I can't meet him." They're like, "What
are you talking about?" So the guy was
dying. He's like, "He can't meet him. I
can't meet him. Who are you talking
about?" I said, "Allah,
I can't meet him. Allah, I can't meet
him. May Allah forgive him for that
thought of his in terms of his fear of
Allah. I can't meet him." They took him
to the hospital and he died. He passed
away. So you never know who thought this
will happen. You think his parents came
back and they imagine this will happen
to their son. May Allah.
So don't delay. Do not push things
forward. May Allah forgive us.
When he made this dua, it was narrated
that the angel said, "Ya Allah,
we hear a very familiar voice.
This voice is very familiar." The angels
say that
it's a very unfamiliar what location. So
the Allah says, "Do you know who is it?"
They said, "We don't know." He he says
Allahbunus
it's my servant Eunus. So the angel said
Yunus the one until this day good deeds
are raising to us until this day we see
his dua that he made throughout his
life. Ya Allah would you forgive him? Ya
Allah then Allah saysah Allahbar.
So Allah is going to save you and with
the help of Allah you is saved. But
Allah says something so powerful. One of
the main pillars of the story is this.
Why did Allah save you? Yes, Allah.
But there's something that Ununus did.
Allah says if it wasn't that he did
this,
Allah says if he did not do this action
which I will share with you, he would
have remained in the stomach of the
whale till the day of resurrection. What
do you mean? He's going to live.
So what happened? Meaning he would die
in the whale and will be resurrected
from this whale's stomach and everybody
was resurrected based on where they
passed away. Then we go to Allah
subhanahu wa ta'ala. What in the world
did he do? Yes, dua is correct. But
there's something very specific.
Go ahead.
What is it of Allah? any specific
excellent. Allah says
[Music]
Allah says if it wasn't that he was
continuously every day throughout his
life used to do of Allah. Subhan Allah.
Subhan Allah. Subhan Allah. That was the
one of the main highlights. he would
have never been saved. And there's two
main things about this point. Two main
things. Number one is the power of asal
has mentioned. How often do you remember
Allah subhana wa ta'ala? How often? How
was your process? I shared with a group
of people before how I was disappointed
in myself. I was actually disappointed
in myself back before co when we used to
go to the actual company, right? May
Allah make it easy for all of us. And
may Allah not make us return. For those
who want to say mean it's up to you,
right? Okay. Is that whenever I used to
put my food in that microwave, it was a
habit that what would I do? Pick up that
phone and then that that minute and 15
seconds that I warm my food and it was
very disappointing like why do I have to
do it every time? Why not that one
minute say subhan allah subhan allah
subhan allah that's it. Like what will
it do? What will it do? What will it do?
Sallallam
says,
"Is it hard for you guys to seize
amazing moment where a very high reward
for a very easy action? If you do it,
Allah will give you 1,000.
If you do it, Allah erases 1,000 bad
deed." What in the world is that deed
that is easy to do, that is very
rewarding? He says, "Whoever says subhan
Allah, whoever says subhan Allah 100
times,
Allah will give them 1,000 good deeds
and erase 1,000 bad deeds." You see how
much we've missed out or I've missed
out. Say subhan Allah. Very powerful.
Subhan Allah. Subhan Allah. And it
doesn't just save you and good deeds and
bad deeds. Even remember when
he said say sallallahu alaihi wasallam
on the day of judgment where where's the
sun? Does it exist or is it gone? The
sun exists very much exists. How much?
One mile above the heads. According to
biology, we will burn. Move on in life.
Allah will take care of you. Right? But
Allah will make it in a way that you
start sweating, not burning. So the
prophet says,
you will start sweating based on how
many sins that you've got. Some will
sweat up to their ankle. There's four
levels. Some will sweat to their knee.
Some will sweat all the way to the belly
button. And some will sweat to up to
their nose. They will drown from their
sweat. May Allah protect us. So what's
the smart people? What will they want to
do? I want to get some shade away from
the sun. There's no trees. Where are we?
Allah changes the whole earth. It's a
different earth. No rocks, no trees.
Nothing you can seek shade from except
one place only. The throne of Allah is
the only thing.
Okay, let us go. It's not there's a
there's it's a close. Not anybody just
walks in under Allah's shame. Specific
traits in the individual. The main trait
to share with you for tonight is that
one of the last traits the prophet
mentions in the hadith,
a man or a woman.
A man or a woman who mentioned Allah.
Subhan Allah. Alhamdulillah.
A remembrance that moved you so much
that you start to what? To cry. Just
because of that one moment behind closed
doors or me people not noticing that one
moment you get Allah's shade you see how
powerful is so don't say just because of
this he was saved
this is unbelievable
this is unbelievable I told the group
that I reviewed the notes with I said
this is the first time I notice it Allah
said if it wasn't that he did a lot of
he would have stayed in the whale this
shook me so much and it may shake you as
well inshallah in a good way. Allah did
not say if it wasn't that you were a
prophet. Allah did not say it's because
you lectured the people. Allah did not
say because you spoke to 100,000 people.
Allah did not say it's because you
helped the needy. Allah did not say it's
because you gave in charity. Allah said
because of what is what are we trying to
get to? How is our private lives? Your
private life is what determines your
value. Not the public work. Public work
is excellent. It's accessories. It's
great. Sometimes you have to do certain
public work. There's no doubt in that.
It's far more effective. But by default,
we have to be what? Sincere. By default,
do things what? Privately. But if there
is more benefit in going public, go with
it. Agreed. What's something if you go
public is more beneficial?
What is it?
Calling people to Allah. Yeah. Sometimes
being in public. Go ahead.
Salah. Why you say public? I I should
pray at home. For example, if I do this
now,
brothers and sisters, for the sake of my
I will not show you who I am. Yeah,
please brothers and sisters, trust me.
Trust me, I'm not going to tell you who
I am. It will never be on the flyer.
That will not work, right? I have to go
public, right? This is more effective.
Right? But by default your
Allah says your default settings I do
things privately unless there's more
benefit to go public. I donate private
unless there's more benefit to go
public. So this why was his private life
may Allah make our private life
beautiful. And remember Allah when
things are easy Allah will help you when
things are tough asam
said. Can I end with this one last
hadith about this point? One last ready.
This is an action item. All of us, if
there's one thing to take from tonight,
tonight's session is this.
Whoever is able,
whoever is able to go do a good deed,
like you're aiming, I want to do this
good deed for it to be used for a rainy
day. You know, we save money for a rainy
day. Whoever aims to get a good deed and
capable and massive one to store it as
your 401k retirement plan in case you
need it when in the future then go for
it. Can we do that inshallah? Can you
make that nia? I'm going to we have to
all increase that balance that will
never appear. That balance that will
never show a number. That ballot that
shows circles. It's so private. No one
knows except you and Allah. Can we do
that inshallah?
May Allah make it possible for all of
us. Then okay, Allah saved him. Yes. The
whale swam and swam. Allahbar.
The whim swam all the way to the
seashore.
Allah says we have put him onto the open
land. There's no trees, nothing, no
people, no humans, no support.
While he was very drained. Yeah.
Drained. Why? How long was he in the
whale for? Some say 3 days, some say a
year, some say hours. Well, if it was
for one minute, isn't that not enough of
you distress? So, he left. Some say
maybe the acid in the stomach whale got
his skin. One of the scholars say he
left the stomach just like how when the
baby is just born, you know, all slimy,
right? And and the hair is all wet and
all that stuff. May Allah bless all our
children. Say amen. May Allah bless
every mother that delivered and have her
see her child grow right before his eyes
as a righteous child. Say a mean. And
may Allah grant all of you righteous
children.
So unam comes out of the whale
exhausted, drained. Subhan Allah. Not
just that, you may say, "Okay, where's
the food? This is something interesting.
What in the world is this?" What do you
guys say that is?
Squash.
Okay. What in the world does a squash
have to do with with tonight's session?
You're hungry, brother. Ah, I see.
Squash, pumpkin, Halloween.
Actually, when we reviewed the session,
I was telling the the team like, should
we say squash pumpkin because of
difference of opinion. So, one sister,
she like nervous like I know I just hope
people think like basically Annie it's a
sunnah now to have pumpkins outside the
house and so it happened the lecture
happens to be in October.
Nothing is coincidence.
Everything is calculated. Okay. What in
the world is the story, brother? Help us
out. In the Quran, Allah says,
[Music]
Allah says right then and there, the one
who made the whale swallow him and cast
him away is the same God that made the
squash tree or a pumpkin tree, because
there's difference of opinion, grow
right in front of him. nice fresh fruit.
Now, we know that Allah would never tell
us the type of tree and that there's
benefit in it 100%. Now, we know what
tree Adam ate from, right? What tree was
it?
Adam's what?
Apple. Is it in the Quran?
Is it in the
We have no idea. We just know they ate
from the tree because there's no benefit
in that. But Allah tells us squash or
pumpkin. This is my suggestion to those
in medical school. I have a nice thesis
for you. A PhD ID is idea is to use this
in the Quran and tell me what in the
world does a pumpkin have to do with
people that were in the water for a long
time,
right? And exhausted and their skin and
their eyes because the narration the
says his eyes were in pain. His skin and
his body was in pain and distress as we
know. So I did a little bit research.
Can I do like a rookie research? Is that
okay? So I went to Mskin WebMD. Many of
you know that website. So I went to
WebMD and I just put the benefit of
squash and the benefits of what? Pumpkin
just to see. And somehow they were very
similar. So the same family. So let me
share with you three top benefits.
Ready? This is so interesting. And when
I tell you the benefits, who I want you
to think of? Ununus. But be more
specific. Ununus. The man who was in the
ocean for a long time in the stomach of
the whale who came out so exhausted. his
skin, his eyes, all struggling, in
distress. Top three. Number one, eating
the pumpkin or squash reduces risk of
depression. Subhan Allah. It says
several squash varieties are rich in
vitamin B6. People with vitamin B6
deficiency may be at a higher risk of
developing mental health concerns such
as depression. Watch after this comment.
Pumpkin sales sell out in Dearborn,
right? And who buys it? Muslims. How is
that? How is that? How Muslim? You got a
fatwa? No, we didn't get no fatwa. All
right, let's move on. Then the second
thing, improved eye health. Subhan
Allah. Number three, enhanced skin
health. Allahbar.
That's exactly why Allah mentioned the
type of tree. Now
is now eating, getting stronger.
Alhamdulillah. muscles are coming back
some flesh because the narration says
his skin was touching the bones like you
can see jawbone is so skinny. Subhan
Allah drained eating becoming stronger
and stronger and stronger. Then what
happens next? What will you go through
next? Allah tells him I want you to go
and continue the mission. Continue the
mission.
I learned my lesson. What's the lesson?
I will go till my last breath. I will
wait to your command. I will follow what
you tell me to do and I will never what?
Lose my all right. Where am I going to
go? Where am I going to go?
He was sent back to his people.
Hold on.
We were told at the beginning of the
first session that a punishment was
coming few minutes away or hours and
they're all going to get wiped out. No.
What do you mean Allah changed his mind?
Nope. What happened? What happened?
Allah says in the Quran,
there are certain people who have been
so arrogant, so stubborn, advised
multiple times and they chose to step
away. Okay. Allah says those people who
are so arrogant for the longest time, I
will take them further away. These
people, there's nothing that will make
them believe.
Allah says even if they see
even if they see every single sign in
the world they will never say
unless they see the Allah's punishment.
When they see Allah's punishment oh okay
okay okay I will now believe. But will
that benefit them?
No. You have an example. You have an
example. Who has an example?
Excellent. May Allah bless you. Pharaoh.
Pharaoh. What happened to him? Pharaoh
was in the Egypt area claiming to be
God.
Arrogant loser, you name it. One of the
worst human beings ever walked on earth.
And then when Allah split the ocean,
Musa passed through. Benny is passed
through. And who's the loser that want
to pass through?
Pharaoh and his
soldiers. When MS left and B is reached
the other end, Allah allowed the
mountains of water not rocks to collapse
on. Then what happened at that point?
Says, "I believe in the Lord of the
children of Israel in which they believe
in
Allah."
[Music]
Allah says
that's in the Quran.
What it means now
and through your whole life disobeying
Allah, arrogant, killing babies,
oppressing men and women, young and old,
get out of here. It will never count. So
in the case of
Allah says,
no one believed and benefited because it
was too late. You know what he says,
Allah?
The only human beings on earth that
managed to believe on time and Allah
accepts were the people of Ununice. What
are the chances of that happening?
All what you had to do was wait just a
little bit more and all 100,000 would
believe. Not just that Allah says
they all believed and this is they say
this is the only nation in the history
of humanity that they all believed in a
prophet usually majority believes to
disbelieve or family the rich but all of
them believed so Allah says I want you
to go back to your people brothers and
sisters he goes back and he sees them
worshiping Allah the one who said you're
a loser
You're a magician. Remember that. Now
he's saying forgive me. You want to
welcome back.
You the guy who mocked me. Come. We're
so sorry about what happened. And they
all believe and they all listen.
Brothers and sisters, we see this even
in our lifetime. There's many things
that happened. Can I give you a
basketball example? Can I do that?
That's okay. You guys remember 2013
when LeBron James, may Allah allow him
to accept,
right? Miami Heat against the San
Antonio Spurs, game six. Five points
away. Five points. Okay, five points.
Not too bad. How many minutes are left
in the game? 28 seconds. 28 seconds left
in the game. And the Miami Heat is
losing. San Antonio is five points up
and and the Gernoby had a free throw.
What was the camera showing?
Miss LeBron. Close. Who were they
showing?
I look like I have a gun, so forgive me,
guys. All right. What was the camera
showing? Like a It's like a bazooka. No.
What was the camera showing?
Huh?
The camera was focusing on the fans.
Okay. The fans
were walking away.
28 seconds left. Five points losing.
This is the championship game. Finals of
the basketball game. And they start
going out. Genobi shoots that free
throw. Five points difference. Oh my
god, it's crazy.
May Allah guide him to Jenna Allen
Allen. Three points, right? And then
what happens? They tie 95 95 in 28
seconds.
Where's the camera?
Where's the camera? Where? Which fans?
The outside ones. So they heard. Yay.
Yay. Yay. And this is this game was at
Miami. So it's a home game for the Miami
Heat. So the most of the fans so they
want they want to go back. But for those
who go to the sports arenas and so on in
many times what's the rule? You can
never go back. So the guy open the door.
I got a ticket. Hey loser, open the
door. Your iman I mean your your ticket
your ticket will mean I have VIP front.
So front row back row. Even if you're
LeBron you're not coming back.
So they went back and how regretful were
they sometimes don't rush and what do we
say sometimes do not celebrate too early
how many people with a football right
touchdown the guy does this
and he just drops the ball right before
the line as Lions fans we know that
exactly how it feels
forgive us forgive us any all right so
the point being all these happens I said
this example then one sister she said
your examples are very male focused
I respect respect
respect. She said that in our review
session and maybe she's here. May Allah
forgive her. So she gave me another
example.
This example according to her I did not
verify. I trust the sister. May Allah
protect us and I really trust you. Okay?
This is being recorded. There's a lot of
people here. I didn't even verify. I
should have verified.
She said in the 1940s in the
presidential elections there were two
people running against each other.
Obviously it's two, right? Two people
running against each other and one guy
was winning the votes and winning the
votes and winning the votes clearly
destroying the his opponent destroying
it and then newspapers came saying the
winner is so and so I forgot the name
president one okay he's the president of
United States and they printed the
newspaper but by the time they counted
the last portion of the ballots the
votes the other person won
right sounds familiar yes alhamdulillah
see she didn't make it up right the
other person has won. So when the other
person won, he went, you know, they give
the inauguration speech. What was he
holding? The newspaper. He's like, I'm
the winner. Not basically whatever is
said here. So subhan Allah. Sometimes
those last moments that matter, may
Allah forgive us. Brothers and sisters,
unice is elevated.
Unice bounce back better and better than
ever before. Not just that Allah says
Allah says
Allah guided ununice so walk and look up
toam how he repented and I want to share
with you brothers and sisters the last
verse from and then one hadith and we're
done inshallah 9:30 is our deadline
what's the last ayah inahunus
last ayah I got you see I take your
comments seriously by the way I take
your comments ser as much as I can cuz
one brother said actually I think it was
sister she said if you can put the
verses on the slides you guys like that
is it good
so she got all the
all right and then another brother told
me he said if you can focus a lot more
on what the Quran exactly says so we did
that in the session you notice both
alhamdulillah so may Allah reward the
advisers Allah amongst you those who
give proper advice may Allah reward you
this is the last verse and this is the
main moral of the story the last ayah
ayah 109 9 Chapter 10. Allah,
follow what is revealed to you
and be patient until Allah judges in
your situation.
Allah says you're not allowed to lose
hope. You're not allowed to justify
losing your patience.
You know what I'm going through. This ay
is for you and I. Don't lose your
patience. And we explained patience in
the last session. Remember patience is
to never give up hope on Allah subhana
wa ta'ala and does not give up on
Allah's mission. You continue you never
complain about Allah and you never use
your body in haram. So be patient. Don't
ever lose your patience
until Allah judges your situation. I've
been looking for jobs all my life. I'm
not finding one. I got an offer company.
Wait until Allah changes the situation.
I I really want to get married. I've
been rejected all my life. Please, I
want to get married. It's not working.
I'm going to go fulfill my desires
elsewhere.
Be patient until Allah judges in your
situation. You never know what happens.
And I may share with you the ticket I
got. I have shared with you a bad story.
I'll share with you a good story
inshallah. When I went to one of my
first jobs at Chrysler Aburn Hills, I
really tried to apply for many jobs. And
I shared with you the half of the story,
but not the rest last time in the story
of Musa. When I went there, I applied
for over 200 jobs. True story. And my
wife knows what we had to go through.
200 plus jobs. Never did I get an
opportunity except one or two general
ones to do with haram type of jobs. It
got came to me. You know when you put
your uh resume on monster.com and things
like that, they reached out to you. It
looked interesting, but there's no way
it's against my dean. I tried and I
tried and I tried until there's a
position at Chrysler that required three
to five years experience. How many uh
years of experience do I have? Nine
months. I made it clear in the resume.
I'm not going to fake it. I'm not going
to put my reference uh Dr. Ahmed and
Ahmed's my colleague at work or school
yet because you know what happens.
No, I cannot do that. So then I go apply
for the job and I got an interview.
Alhamdulillah. Very happy. So when I go
to the interview, right before it, I was
sitting in the lobby. It's a very nice
lobby. It's one of the largest buildings
in the in the country, by the way, the
one in Arban Hills. So, I sat in the
lobby and I was working on a a lecture.
You almost got me in trouble, guys.
Okay, let's move on. So, the lecture I
was working on was it's a hadith about
advice or religion is all about giving
advice in general. So, I was working on
it because I have a lecture on Thursday.
So, then she called imagine Mahmood. So,
I come get ready, got my folder,
whatever. So, I go through the interview
and they start asking me questions. What
do you know about cars? What have you
worked on? I only have nine months
barely internship positions. So I tried
to be funny. Yes, from that day. I said
the thing I know about cars is a nice
car wash. Alhamdulillah. It moved.
Alhamdulillah. They didn't ask more
questions. It worked. Anyhow, so then
okay, whatever. Then what have you done
this and that? What have you
concentrated in your fourth year? Fourth
year I did automotive engineering. Okay,
fantastic. Um, then she said, can I ask
you a question before we leave? Yeah.
Yeah, sure. Sure. what were you doing in
the lobby? I'm like subhan Allah. I
didn't say subhan Allah. I'm just saying
and the lobby like ask me questions
about engineering, my GPA,
what kind of car I'm driving. What do
you have to do with me lobby? She's like
I saw you that you're very focused like
you're actually like really like into
what you're doing. So what were you
doing?
So I said that was just I was working on
a lecture.
She's like, "Oh, what's the topic?"
Allah, I was so nervous. I was telling
myself like, "I start my job with a
lie." So, I start the job with a lie.
The first after 200 plus jobs, this is
the only I don't know if I'll ever get
another one and this is it. I even
subhan Allah expecting a child.
So, I said I was working lecture about,
you know, giving advice. Tell me more.
Like, okay. How about you come Thursday
at 7 p.m., right? So I said so I said
you know it's it's a lecture where is it
delivered at more questions I said you
know at the Islamic center it was in
Windsor Ontario not too far from us
she's like oh so you teach no not
anymore if I get this job I I'll
engineer for life she's like oh okay
then we walked away and my heart I said
it's impossible impos this was at the
recession time right after in the early
2000s so I left the same day I got a
phone call what's the phone call.
Congratulations, Mr. Mahmood. Yes, this
was a contract house. It was not direct
position. Anyhow, you got the the job.
Just an FYI, I want to share this.
Subhan Allah. I told them, "What's the
salary?" They said it was about uh can
62,000. It's okay. I'll share with you.
62. Okay. So, so I said, "Is there a way
we can like, you know, push this
further?" Yeah. M I don't even have And
if they said 30, 30 is good.
Alhamdulillah. But I learned I learned
anything they tell you like a little bit
more. She's like, "Sorry, this is this
is non-negotiable." I said, "Okay, okay,
non-negotiable. I'm sorry. I But
apparently it's it's a messed up stuff."
But anyway, let's move on. As you can
tell, I'm still hurt. Anyhow, let's move
on. Okay.
So, after a year, two years, the whole
story is this.
She came, but it was a different L. I'll
never forget it. She came this way. I
came this way. I can't see. She's
coming. So, she came and I came. Then we
met here. Then she said, "Oh, Magic."
I'm like, "Yes, Miss Kim." She said, "Do
you know why I hired you?" I'm like,
"What? And she says, "What? What kind of
question is weird? Huh? Do you know
why?" I'm like, "I hope you're not like
regretting it or something." Right? So
then she said, "You know why I hired
you?" I said, "Why?" She said, "Because
in the interview, I asked you what were
you doing in the lobby
and you told me something which may be
taken against you and I felt that you
said exactly what you were doing about
your religion and faith and that was the
reason I actually hired you."
And I was not getting hired whatsoever.
They think I thought I was smart. Car
wash. Remember that. They probably noted
down. He's trying to run away from the
answer. Slick. Mashallah. You know it's
I'm gifted. What is gifted? What is he
right? Nothing. So they noting the guy
doesn't know anything. 9 months they
want 3 to 5 years. She said you
answering that question is actually what
made made us hire you. And subhan Allah
the thing that we thought will ruin us
was the thing that actually saved us.
Right? So with this being said,
be patient until Allah judges your
situation.
He's the best judge. He will take care
of you. May Allah bless you. May Allah
grant you ja. May Allah lift every
hardship and distress from you. May
Allah bless us with the dua of
subh.
[Applause]